The password is correct.
Shaojie, didn't you send this congratulatory gift?
How did he know the password?
Ye Longyuan, you are kidding me
Humph shameless fool go away
Could it be that
This gift was really sent by Ye Rongyue
I just don't know what Kunlun hides
Look good.
This is the Kunlun Seal
Hahaha Yelongyuan
You are here to laugh
Your dad, are we fools?
We can still tell the difference between the jade pendant and the seat.
You're just keeping the right secret
This is not Kunlun jade at all
Bunch of idiots
This is the Kunlun Seal
Your words are not reliable at all.
Who will turn a hard mat into jade flakes?
I see.
Just to make trouble
You go, the Lord God and Mr. Tang will come later
For the sake of past love
I don't care what you mess up
You leave my canonization banquet immediately
You would rather believe in Chen Shaojie than me
Why should you believe a waste who has achieved nothing?
You have disappointed me so much.
I'm divorcing you now.
Is it only the whole body and wealth in your eyes?
Don't we have any feelings for husband and wife?
What right do you have to talk to me about money?
A disloyal person like you who takes revenge
I don't deserve to go against the trend
You think you destroyed a jade pendant
Can you stop me from becoming a long time?
Your behavior only makes me feel
You are a more feeble and incompetent person
You rubbish
How dare you damage the congratulatory gift of the foreign president
Come on, kick him out for me
Dare to wait at the Dragon Gate
Bullying the master
I won't clean you up today.
But it will come deep
None of you here can make it.
5, do you think so?
Tang Seng, I, Ye Longyuan, am standing here today
Even after all the kingdoms in the world
Who will tell me
Ye Longyuan
You must leave our Lin family with nothing
Your family could have enjoyed the wealth of the world
You go your own way
Completely restless
I'm totally desperate for you
You are a labor prisoner who has achieved nothing
Don't talk nonsense with them
Before Mr. Tang and the benefactor come
Kick them out
Interrupt to win
If he is worthless
What are you?